README.md, before:

# RestoreAll

Back up and restore things from your jailbroken device

I will be putting files that are being tested. 

# License

GPL V3 License

# Release Note
This is still in beta.
- Issues:
    - Restoring Library is disabled in this version, you can preview what’s going to be included.
    - During the file transfer, device may halt when screen is locked. (Workaround: Turn off auto-lock or plug your device to charger.)
    - Restoring Cydia packages may fail (Still working on this one)
- Note:
    - Backing up Apple Music will not be a thing in this tool.
    - Because iTunes’ encoded musics and videos, this tool doesn’t back up things perfectly, all the 	things are present but may have some things that are missing names.
    - After restoring SMS and Photos, you have to do a manual reboot (shut down and boot)
	- Build-In update system will be available soon. (or not)
	- This DOES back up and restore Cydia repos, but doesn’t add the sources to the Cydia 1.1.10 or above. Which means it does download everything from those repos but not listed in the Cydia.

# Important Note

This program will NOT save nor show your password to anyone including you.

You should NEVER trust any other versions of RestoreAll from any unknown sites (Like sites that are not verified by LooneySJ.)

Beta Version cannot guarantee a successful result, USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK.

# About the "Restore Library" feature
So, let’s talk about the library restore feature. I listed all the items in library to test out if any files break the whole system. I found out that there were some files that killed the whole system because it’s either the version is not compatible with the files or the device itself is not optimized for that file. I think in 2 or 3 weeks, I will add a script to check the version and device to minimize the crashes. I will also test backward compatibility down to iOS 5.

Commit message:

Beta 8 release
- SSH timeout to 20 sec (previously 10 sec)
- SCP will no longer drop the connection until its job done.
- Restore policy has been added.
- “Restore All of them” in “Restore Library” has been removed.
- Cleaned up some dirty codes

README.md, after:

# RestoreAll

Back up and restore things from your jailbroken device

I will be putting files that are being tested. 

# License

GPL V3 License

# Release Note
This is still in beta.
- Issues:
    - Restoring Library is partially enabled in this version, you can use the feature but most of them 	are broken. If you did an update your device, please don’t restore library because it may break your device.
    - During the file transfer, device may halt when screen is locked. (Workaround: Turn off auto-lock or plug your device to charger.)
- Note:
    - Backing up Apple Music will not be a thing in this tool.
    - Because iTunes’ encoded musics and videos, this tool doesn’t back up things perfectly, all the 	things are present but may have some things that are missing names.
    - After restoring SMS and Photos, you have to do a manual reboot (shut down and boot)
	- This DOES back up and restore Cydia repos, but doesn’t add the sources to the Cydia 1.1.10 or above. Which means it does download everything from those repos but not listed in the Cydia.

# Important Note

This program will NOT save nor show your password to anyone including you.

You should NEVER trust any other versions of RestoreAll from any unknown sites (Like sites that are not verified by LooneySJ.)

Beta Version cannot guarantee a successful result, USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK.

# About the "Restore Library" feature
So, let’s talk about the library restore feature. I listed all the items in library to test out if any files break the whole system. I found out that there were some files that killed the whole system because it’s either the version is not compatible with the files or the device itself is not optimized for that file. I think in 2 or 3 weeks, I will add a script to check the version and device to minimize the crashes. I will also test backward compatibility down to iOS 5.
